And now to finish the section,
let me show you a nice trick on how we can
basically run many promises all at the same time.
So lets suppose that we actually wanted to get three
random dog images and not just one.
We could do something like this.
So simply awaiting D3API calls, one after the other.
But, why would we actually make the second API
call wait for the first one,
and the third one wait for the second one?
That would just add unnecessary waiting time
when we could just run all of these
promises at the same time.
So let me show you how we could do that.
So, the solution is not going to be something like this,
but instead, what we will do is to not await a
promise at this point, but instead save
the promise into a variable.
So again, we want to now save the promise
and not the resolved value of the promise.
So, lets call this one here, result one, pro,
which stands for promise.
So remember that this one here returns a promise.
Okay, and if we don't await it,
well, we will simply save the promise to the variable
and not its resolved value.
So lets do that here two more times.
So one for each random image that we want.
Okay, and so like this, we have three promises.
Now in order to actually get the resolved values,
so the three images,
we create a new variable and ow what we do await is
promise dot all, okay.
And into promise dot all, we pass an array of promises.
And so that's going to be res one pro,
res two pro, and res three pro.
Okay, so again, we have these three promises
and these three variables and we can pass an array
containing these three promises into promise dot all.
And if we then await that, it will basically run
these three promises all at the same time
and then save to three resolved values
into this all array here, okay.
So lets actually take a look at that,
at that all variable, okay.
So this here will probably give us an error now
but nevermind that.
Yeah, exactly.
But what I'm interested in here is to see if the
all variable and what I want to show you is that
it is indeed an array but I see that it is way too big here
because it has all these informations
about all these http requests.
We're going to take a look at this kind of stuff
here later on and we'll note sections.
I just can't, ah, here's the beginning.
So, you see that it actually starts with this bracket
meaning that it is an array, okay.
But what we're interested in here is,
in each of these elements, we are interested in
body dot message, right?
So that's what we used to read before
from each of the results.
So, we need to now create a new array
which only contains these body dot messages.
Okay, make sense?
And lets use maps for that.
So images and all
dot maps.
And I hope that you are familiar with these,
all these array methods.
So maps will loop through the all array
and the safety value that we return in each iteration
into a new array called images, okay.
And the current value in each iteration
is called element and what we will return
is element dot body dot message.
Okay, so that is basic JavaScript
and you should be familiar with that kind of stuff by now.
Alright.
So, if we now look at images, that should,
well, where is that?
Oh, all dot maps, oh, of course it's not maps,
it's just maps, sorry for that.
And here indeed, we have now our array
with these three images.
So, great, they are three different images.
And now all we have to do is to
actually save them to our file.
So right now we still get res as not defined
and that's because we are still attempting to
write res dot body dot message.
But res does not exist so that's why we get that error.
So instead, what we want to write here is
a string, basically, containing these three strings.
So what we do is images dot join.
And we will join them by putting a
new line character between them.
So back slash n, means a new line, okay.
And so that basically will put these three strings,
each one, in a new line, alright.
So join, joins the three strings into a new string
and joins them by using a new line character between them.
Okay, and so that should do the trick.
Give it a save.
And yeah, so now it says random dot image saved to file,
no more errors.
Let's take a look, dot image, and it did, here we go.
And we have three different images.
First this one, then this guy, and finally the third one.
So, three different dog images.
And we got them all at the same time
by using promise dot all, okay.
I hope that made sense and in fact,
I hope that this entire section made sense to you
because from now on, I will assume that you
know the basics of promises and a single wait.
And we'll actually start using them throughout
the rest of the course, assuming that you
know what we are doing, okay.
And Node actually supports a single wait since
its version seven point six,
and so now we can use it without any problem.